website/docs: document the Password Uniqueness Policy (#11000)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/policies/index.md

-   Check the password hash against the database of [Have I Been Pwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/). Only the first 5 characters of the hashed password are transmitted, the rest is compared in authentik
-   Check the password against the password complexity checker [zxcvbn](https://github.com/dropbox/zxcvbn), which detects weak password on various metrics.

### Password Uniqueness Policy

> Prevents users from reusing old passwords when changing their own password. The policy offers an option to limit the number many previous passwords to consider during evaluation.

Reviewer: I think this reads awkwardly.  Suggestion: "This policy allows admins to specify how many previous password hashes should be kept to prevent re-use. By default, the password history depth is zero, permitting users to re-use any previous password."

Reviewer: (Correct me if the default is wrong. I took that number from https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/pull/10631/files#diff-cbb45e894de9c1957d2289a8301eaecdcef3ecd580a35d4fefba93f50441b398R30)

Author: I like that rephrasing a lot more and I'll get that changed!

The UI displays `1` as the default, which I can change to be `0` (I figured if you're setting up a the policy you want it to actually do something 😅 ). Is there a preference?

Reviewer 2: Agree about defaulting to 1, from a usability perspective. Also zeros can be unnerving, lol.

When this policy is bound and enabled to at least one [User write stage](../flow/stages/user_write.md):

> 1.  authentik compares the hashes of the new password and the old password for a match. The policy check fails and exits if the hashes match.

Reviewer: Suggestion: "... authentic compares the hash of the requested new password with the user's password history as configured above.  If there is a match, the policy fails."

> 2.  authentik copies the hashed form of the user's old password for future comparison

Reviewer: Suggestion: "When the policy succeeds, the user's current password hash is copied into the password history and the oldest password(s) are removed if the user's password history has more entries than the current depth setting."

Author: 👍 Much cleaner

We could note if more than one Password Uniqueness Policy is bound & active anywhere in authentik, then the system maintains a history depth equal to the greatest configured depth of all Password Uniqueness Policies. 

e.g. I create 2 copies of a Password Uniqueness Policy. I configure one policy with a depth of `1`, and another with a depth of `10`. authentik will maintain `10` old password hashes.

It's a minor detail and probably only important for someone wanting to fully understand how many old hashes are stored. I'll leave it up to you & @tanberry whether we include that.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I remember you telling me about this. Yes I think we should indeed include this info in the docs. I predict it will avoid a few GitHub Issues in the future, where people ask what-the-heck.

I think that will also help people understand that there can be multiple instances on a policy.

:::info

> authentik purges the password history for all users when you disable or unbind the all Password Uniquess policy instances in your setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
authentik purges the password history for all users when you disable or unbind the all Password Uniqueness policy bindings in your setup.
```
